hello we come to our next
spectator question you can see the practice
fax thick
oh well then this is a genius poof that is
sister 8 dennis small
she asks why do I find that
Africans always only to the doctor if the
illness has become very bad
the union is a complicated one
ask there is not true we do not go
always to die only to the doctor to the Indian
That was not true
that's not true not even
you know
Look, last week I was at
doctor places where and when mine
illness was
she was beautiful
I was in the hospital for four weeks
last week by week i was almost there
4 kw sister here in the doctor
gave syringe or given syringe
tablet the fusion given everything
given what happens so yes I wanted
only from one room to the other room
is that so I open the door and
push my foot nix nix nix nix is
last week i was let five weeks
out five weeks five weeks yes what you do
what happened is what happens I have
get everything tray you know where you
were you jurassic reasons were good where
that was nice that I know everything
you what happened is now a pen
landed on the river what happens
that was bad
the site mugwort grande yes or that
nothing happens so 20 weeks hospital
last week 20 weeks hospital what
happened i go to the street i
have you street and goes down on you
comes one such thing hits me one
Fly
she hit me here face bumm
I was that was bad
that nothing is nothing last week in
Berlin
last week a few weeks four weeks
back in the hospital
what did you brother is what happened
I say I go out what happens and
then a snowflake is one
snowflake got on my face
Mozart called I chose 112
and 117
his movie was 8 which 1 1 was that
to see again 110 was bad